[Clang] No longer advertise support for coroutines on x86 windows. (#193456)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  libraries will need to be recompiled, or used with
  (`--no-offload-new-driver`). This option will be removed in the next release.

> - Clang no longer defines the ``__cpp_impl_coroutine`` feature test macro under the 32 bits x86 Microsoft ABI,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang no longer defines the ``__cpp_impl_coroutine`` feature test macro for 32-bit x86 Microsoft targets,
```

Reviewer: It might be nice to point the user to the issues that exist so they're aware of what kinds of problems to expect.

Author: My assumption here, is that the non-microsoft abi is fine - i.e I am not aware of issues when targeting mingw. "Microsoft targets" is too vague

Reviewer: Fair point, I can't find issues related to mingw and coroutines either. CC @mstorsjo in case he's aware of anything. But I think "Microsoft ABI" might be too narrow, I thought we had crashes for broader targets too.

I took a quick look through the issue list and spotted things like https://godbolt.org/z/ah3vG9bTz -- x64, not x86 (from https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/109253); did you do a thorough look through the issues to see if the problems go beyond x86 or even Windows?

Reviewer 2: I'm not aware of any issues relating to this for mingw targets (although I'm not really sure how much coroutines are exercised by packages commonly built for mingw; I don't think any of the projects I build regularly use it at least). I browsed https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/59382, and it seems like the issues there are specific to the Microsoft ABI - so I think the current patch is fine.

Mingw uses the Itanium ABI, so with respect to that, I think it should behave mostly like i386 linux (but on the other hand, i386 linux is not very well tested at all these days, while i386 windows still is tested at least somewhat).

>   as support for coroutines on this target is incomplete.

Reviewer 3: nit: Not 'incomplete' but buggy or unmaintained. This is more precise to me.
